>> Brian Holt: I'm going to show you
how to build for production now.
Cuz everything we've done so far, most
of it's been about developer experience,
and I want to actually show you how to get
down and actually serve it for production.
So the first thing is we're going to do is
we're going to go into our webpack config.
So as you can see right now,
our bundle is like five goddamn megabytes,
which is purely unacceptable, right?
It's to the point of ridiculousness.
But it's development,
so it doesn't matter.
Cuz I'm just pulling from local hosts.
I'm literally just pulling for myself, so.
>> Brian Holt: Let's go ahead and
make this a little bit nicer to deal with.
So what I'm gonna do here is I'm
gonna say const config= this and
then module.exports = config; and then
I'm gonna do some manipulation down here.
So what I'm gonna do is
I'll leave this just for
development as is, and
then if production, so
I'm gonna say if (process.env.NODE_ENV
=== 'production')
then we're gonna make some differences
to how we're gonna build for webpack.
The first thing that we're gonna
do is we're going to get rid of,
our entry is going to be this, right?
>> Brian Holt: Then you're gonna say,
config.entry = blah,
>> Brian Holt: Cuz
we don't want all the hot module reload
stuff, we can just leave all that out.
We're gonna say devtool = false,
config.devtool = false.
That's just gonna say, get me no
source maps which is what you want.
>> Brian Holt: DevServer doesn't really
matter because we're not gonna be running
the devServer in production so
you can I need that there.
Resolve is fine, stats is fine,
plug in is just gonna be an empty array.
I don't think that's actually necessary
but it's good just to be explicit.
The reason why I don't think this is
necessary is because webpack is smart
enough to say, hey, we don't need
a HotModule reload in production.
I'm just not gonna these but that's fine,
and then you can meet the rules,
that's fine as well.
Let's go to our server real quick.
And we're gonna bring in another module.
We're gonna say const compression
= require compression.
Typically you're not going to
do gzip on your note server.
You'll be doing it further out,
something at the Nginx level or
the Apache level or whatever you're
using for your reverse proxy, right?
We're not going to be using one today so
I wanted to show you what the gzip bodies
looked like, so we're going to
do it here at the express level.
Just so you can see what that looks like.
So we gonna say a server.use compression,
this is gonna do all of our gzipping and
that being that fun stuff for us.
Okay, now what I want you to do is that
I want you to come, you can stop your
server Now I want you to say, yarn
build and then we're gonna do -- -p so
that -p is letting web pack know
I'm building for production now.
So give it everything you can to
make this as small as possible.
>> Brian Holt: It's gonna take a second,
>> Brian Holt: So
That's still really big.
Why is that so big?
It should be a lot smaller.
Sourcemaps is usually the thing
that's super unruly about this.
Yeah.
>> Brian Holt: Well that is
definitely Hot Module reload stuff.
>> Brian Holt: Let's figure this out.
So obviously it's not running
with the production note and
stuff cuz we're not
picking up those changes.
So open Webpack again
>> Brian Holt: What is going on here?
Okay, console.log, process sub
env
>> Brian Holt: And
let's just start that and
see what happens,
>> Brian Holt: What
i'm interested in is the NODE ENV.
There's a lot of stuff in my process.env.
Let's do that, process dot NODE_ENV.
>> Brian Holt: Undefined,
okay, that's a problem.
So let's go ahead and go back and
say NODE_ENV=production yarn build -- -p.
Let's try that.
Now we see production.
So now hopefully we'll get
much smaller bundle sizes.
>> Brian Holt: This should take a second.
Got a bunch of stuff here,
we're seeing no Hot Module reload stuff.
So 266 better, right?
36 here, 37, and 38 here.
But keep in mind here
that this is minified.
This is uglified,
this is not gzipped yet, right?
So we actually need to go to our browser
to figure out what this is gonna
look when it's gzipped.
So if I refresh again,
I need my server running so
I'm gonna say yarn start
>> Brian Holt: And I refresh again.
>> Brian Holt: Why did that get bigger?
That's bizarre.
>> Brian Holt: No, that's right,
cuz it was 220 gzipped, or
sorry, it was 220 minified and
now it's 76 gzipped.
So we got down to 76 kilobytes,
and then 11 for the first bundle.
Browse here 12 for that one,
and 12 for that one.
Much better, right?
So the thing to keep in mind with React is
it's about 45 kbs gzipped and mimefied.
And that's the production build, right?
They give you a separate build for debug
that has more useful error messaging and
things like that.
So, out of the door we already lost 45.
So our entire app that we
built took about 35 kilobytes.
With everything else that includes Redux,
reduxthunk,
all those things.They're
pretty small libraries,
really the only heavy lifter is react and
probably the second one is
going to be axios I think.
The one kind of crappy
thing about moving to redux
is previously only details
cared about Axios.
And actually we could probably
be clever about this.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
Yeah, we got a little bit of time.
Let's try it.
Okay, so what I'm gonna do here is
I'm gonna create a new file and
say this is like when go into JS.
And we're going to say this
is a sync actions.js and
I'm going to go in and
go to my action creators.
And I'm going to pull out,
get API details.
And I'm gonna move this into its own file,
cuz right now,
web pack can't separate files, right?
It can't separate files from each other
and this is getting the setSearchTerm and
addAPIData are needed in
other places in the site.
But this is only needed for details.
If you go to async actions I just created.
I'm going to paste that.
Then I'm also going to
import axios from axios.
I'm going to add api data
from ./action creators.
>> Brian Holt: I'm gonna go
back to actionCreators, and
I'm going to remove axios here, okay?
So now these are in separate files.
So now I can only include this file in
details which just means I'm going to
inflate the size of my details bundle, but
I'm going to deflate
the size of my main bundle.
A big goal here is you want
to deflate your main bundle,
cause that one is going to
get loaded on every route.
On landing and on search,
we want that bundle to
be as small as possible.
Now we need to go into details.jsx and
we're going to get API
details from a sync actions.
We also broke our test, but
no one cares about tests.
That's what I call async actions.
So, let's clean this out, and
we're gonna run our build again.
And hopefully what we should see is
the size of the details bundle go up and
the other ones go down.
>> Brian Holt: Fingers crossed,
otherwise this is gonna be really dumb.
Okay, I broke stuff,
whatever, that's fine.
Yeah, I should have Flow.
But,
>> Brian Holt: What you can see here now
is we have the size of
this bundle right here,
a little bit higher, and
now these ones are tiny, tiny,
tiny bundles right
>> Brian Holt: So
now if we can do Yarn start again,
let's see what these actually translate
to when we start building our app.
So if I refresh here and
look at my network,
>> Brian Holt: These are bytes.
No actually that's reading from cache.
But this is 1.7 kilobytes now, right.
Before it was 11.
Now if you go into details,
it's 12 still, it's a little bit bigger.
So I'm not making a ton
of difference here,
the difference between 1 kilobyte and
12 is not huge.
But what I'm trying to demonstrate to you
the principal of is if I can make that
dependency graph lean into particular
routes that only need it there.
So now axios is only included on details,
right?
And if I load landing.
So if it only load landing,
I'm not getting axils which is super cool.
So I'm trying to demonstrate
to you just like,
mental model of thinking of how
to manage your dependency graph.
Let's go ahead and
put this in package.json of how to build.
So we have build, and I'm going to put
those to be -p whenever I call build, and
then I'm going to say build:dev,
if you ever wanna build for
dev and not necessarily do watch or
anything like that,
it's always good to have that ability.
We're going to have webpack dash d,
which is how you build for dev.
And just to make this
explicit I'm gonna say,
NODE_ENV=production and
NODE_ENV=development.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
let's push a branch real quick.
>> Brian Holt: Before I push a branch,
let's actually go ahead and
fix our Lint error since I'm
not gonna modify this again.
So I'm gonna export default actually here.
That's gonna make this stop doing that.
Why are you upset?
And we need this to be a flow file.
Okay, then we're going to go modify
>> Brian Holt: Details.
So this is just gonna be getAPIDetails
cuz now it's the default export
from asyncActions': and
we also broke out tests.
So let's go fix the test real quick,
which is gonna be action creators,
action Isn't that actionCreators.spec,
right?
Up here we're gonna get
this from asyncAction.
So import law from
../asyncActions.
And now everything should be fixed.
>> Brian Holt: Actions.
>> Brian Holt: Okay so,
let me push a branch, this will be 30.